Add Swift Package Manager docs (#10827)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/swift-package-manager/migrate-swift-plugin.md

    - `Sources` (directory)
    - `Sources/plugin_name` (directory)

   Your plugin should look like:

   <pre>
   plugin_name/ios/
   ├── ...
   └── plugin_name/
      ├── <b>Package.swift</b>
      └── <b>Sources/plugin_name/</b>
   </pre>

4. Use the following template in the `Package.swift` file:

   ```swift title="Package.swift"
   // swift-tools-version: 5.9
   // The swift-tools-version declares the minimum version of Swift required to build this package.
   
   import PackageDescription
   
   let package = Package(
       name: "plugin_name",
       platforms: [
           // The platforms your plugin supports.
           // If your plugin only supports iOS, remove `.macOS(...)`.
           // If your plugin only supports macOS, remove `.iOS(...)`.
           .iOS("12.0"),
           .macOS("10.14")
       ],
       products: [
           // If the plugin name contains "_", replace with "-" for the library name
           .library(name: "plugin-name", targets: ["plugin_name"])
       ],
       dependencies: [],
       targets: [
           .target(
               name: "plugin_name",
               dependencies: [],
               resources: [

>                    // If your plugin requires a privacy manifest, for example if it uses any required

Reviewer: Again, "required reason APIs"?

Author: See: https://github.com/flutter/website/pull/10827#discussion_r1674814361

    #else
         let settingsURL = Bundle(for: Self.self).url(forResource: "image", withExtension: "jpg")
    #endif
    ```

    :::note
    `Bundle.module` only works if there are resources
    [defined in the `Package.swift` file][Bundling resources] or
    [automatically included by Xcode][Xcode resource detection]).
    Otherwise, it will fail.
    :::

13. Verify the plugin still works with CocoaPods.

    1. Disable Swift Package Manager.

    ```sh
    flutter config --no-enable-swift-package-manager
    ```

    2. Run `flutter run` with the example app and ensure it builds and runs.

    3. Run CocoaPods validation lints.

    ```sh
    pod lib lint ios/plugin_name.podspec  --configuration=Debug --skip-tests --use-modular-headers --use-libraries
    ```

    ```sh
    pod lib lint ios/plugin_name.podspec  --configuration=Debug --skip-tests --use-modular-headers
    ```

14. Verify the plugin works with Swift Package Manager.

    1. Enable Swift Package Manager.

    ```sh
    flutter config --enable-swift-package-manager
    ```

    2. Run `flutter run` with the example app and ensure it builds and runs.

>     3. Open the example app in Xcode and ensure **Package Dependencies** show in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Open the example app in Xcode and ensure that **Package Dependencies** shows in
```

Author: Fixed!
